added getDropsEntitlements endpoint (#72)
twitch4j/twitch4j.github.io: docs/versioned_docs/version-1.x/rest-helix/drops-get-entitlements.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 20
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Drops - Get Entitlements

## Description

> Get entitlements for an organization (granted to a game, user, or both)
> using **app access token** or **user access token**.
> The *client ID* in the access token must own
> the game.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gets an organization's list of entitlements that have been granted to a game, a user, or both.

The *client ID* in the access token must own the game. App access tokens can pass any combination of request parameters (below) while requests using user access tokens must *not* specify any userId,
```
